well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about how
president donald j
trump is playing
harris like a video game
and what his campaign against her
says about him more importantly
what it says that he knows about himself
we're going to do this because i made a
joke in a recent
video kind of an offhand statement
the president said that men were
bothered
by the idea of a woman being nominated
for vice president
i said that wasn't true i said that
no men were bothered by that but maybe
some little boys were
it was a joke it was a joke
i had women push back on that statement
and say no that's not true there are men
who are bothered by it
now to be honest had it been men saying
that i would have written it off
and just believed it was them trying to
justify their own behavior
but the observation was there ever since
then i've been trying to figure out
why that might be i found my answer
in a 2015 study about video games
specifically halo 3 was the one they
used
and they were trying to determine why
women were subjected
why women players were subjected to
hostility
from their teammates
they viewed it through the lens of
evolutionary psychology and what they
concluded
was that female initiated disruption of
a male hierarchy
incites hostile behavior from poor
performing males
who stand to lose the most status
i mean that's funny in and of itself
but there's more to the study
not just not just it determined that
men who were poor performing that were
low-skilled
that they reacted this way to women
it also determined that they were more
submissive
to players who were men look at trump's
interactions
on the world stage look at the way he
reacts to
other world leaders this is why
putin and people like putin
can basically pull him around by his ear
and then if you look at the way he
reacts
to world leaders who are women even if
they're not traditional world leaders
look at the way he reacted to greta
it demonstrates that this is true
that this completely fits him
i'd like to take this moment to stop and
point out that higher skilled higher
performing men
didn't do this they reacted more
positively
towards women teammates
but see there's there's one other piece
to this
politics isn't a video game especially
when you take it to the international
stage
there's no objective score
it's not like he can look at a screen
and know that he's poor performing know
that he's low skilled
there's nothing objective telling him
this
you know it's not like domestic politics
where
he has poll numbers or something that he
can go off of
on the international stage this behavior
has to be
rooted in in his own personal
acknowledgement
that he is low performing that he's low
skilled
there's nothing telling him he has to
know deep down
under the facade under the image that he
tries to put forth of being a tough guy
deep down he behaves this way because he
knows he's a failure
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day